# How one can access ISO 10303 Repository
# Python client

***EDMtruePLM*** web application has some REST web services exposed.
This is Python client script that demonstrates basic usage of the services.

The project consists of the following two parts.
1. Client stub generated by [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen)
2. Small client script.

## Requirements

- Python 3.x
- Java 8+

There is Python utility to generate client stubs - ***swagger-codegen***
Unfortunately only OpenApi 3.x (aka Swagger 3) is supported.
Therefore it is recommitted to generate client stubs using Java version of the utility.

## User credentials

File ***democli.properties*** has dummy user credentials.
Please, ask ***Jotne*** to provide user credentials for you.

## How to build

1. Clone source files from the GitHub repository
```javascript
git clone https://github.com/Deruga/kyklos_python.git .
```

2. Download ***swagger-codegen***
This can be done via ***PowerShell*** command in Windows. Run PowerShell and execute the following command.
Please, get appropriate version of the .jar package.

```javascript
Invoke-WebRequest -Uri https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/io/swagger/swagger-codegen-cli/2.4.17/swagger-codegen-cli-2.4.17.jar -OutFile swagger-codegen-cli.jar
```

3. Assume ***swagger-codegen-cli.jar*** is already downloaded into root folder of your working copy.
Run python-generate.bat script to generate client stub (***demolib*** library project)

```javascript
python-generate.bat
```

4. Install generated ***demolib*** python library

```javascript
pip install demolib
```

5. Script ***democli.py*** can be imported to appropriate IDE that supports Python development.
IDE allows you to debug the client script.

The simplest way to run the script is the following


```javascript
python democli.py
```
